You can walk, but please don’t run.
It’s hard to do when you’re having fun.
But there’s a reason we don’t race;
When you’re with the friends,
It’s not the time or place.
Don’t run so fast.
Take your time and make things last.
Learn to love the things you do.
Just don’t run fast.
You’ve got things you have to do,
People to serve, who depend on you.
But don’t forget why you’re here;
Learn to love the friends;
Let them know you care.
Don’t run so fast.
Take your time and make things last.
Learn to love the things you do.
Just don’t run fast.
You can run to someone’s door.
Is there someone home?
Well, you’re not real sure.
But look around and see everyone,
People walking by. Can you talk to one?
Don’t run so fast.
Take your time and make things last.
Learn to love the things you do.
Just don’t run fast.
Oh. Just don’t run fast!